itamar.sh, diamant.merav
Itamar Shechter (315092759), Merav Diamant (208009456)
EX: 5
FILES:
sockets.cpp
container.cpp
Makefile


----------------
Theorethical questions:
1) Namespaces can help us isolate a process. Because each process with different namespace can see different things, 
they cant collide names and not easily access to the same resources.
So, techinacally Namespaces can organize code into logical groups.

2) Mount attaches the filesystem of an external system to the filesystem of a system.
So, the processes in each of the mount namespace instances will see a single directory hierarchies, different from others.
This way we make isolation, because each process will have his own filesystem.

3) cgroup (Control Groups) defines what the container can do, permissions. So every process inside the container has the container
permissions's. This way we can limit the container to have only certain num of processes or usage of CPU or amount of memory.

4) The clone command, help us to create a new process, that later on we can isloate and make him to become a new namespace.
The big difference between clone command and fork command its that fork keep running with the same code (with different
return value from the command to be able to tell which process is the father and which is the son), And the clone
command use a new function to run the code on.
Note: the cloned process share some parts of its execution context with the calling process, such as the memory space, 
the table of file descriptors and more.

5) chroot change the root directory of a process.
so we can make different root for each isolated process. (after mount of new filesystem)
This way, the isolation of the namespaces can be a real isolation, the process can see only the files he should see, 
inside his own filesystem.

6) procfs (proc filesystem) help us to present inforamtion about processes.
for example, we can use procfs to detemined which processes have certain cgroup.
like we used to attach the container process into this our cgroup.